
Red Books (Combat?)

484 - Partnered Combat - By working together, Neku and his partner will have an easier time taking down foes. Try focusing on Neku's psychs until you get used to combat. Once you hit your stride, you can start mastering the Partner Pin.
485 - Partner Pin - Neku's Partner can assist him in battle. But watch the Partner Pin guage- once you use it up, you'll have to wait for a reboot. You might be able to power up the Partner Pin if you get your hands on the right stickers.
486 - Controlling Combat - Use touch commands to fight. Input the commands assigned to the pins in your deck to activate powerful psychs. Neku fights using "psychs" tied to each of the pins he's wearing. Choose pins that work for your fighting style!
487 - Cross Combos - Try to alternate attacks between Neku and his partner. You'll receive visual feedback telling you your sync rate has increased! Learn how your partner behaves, then arm yourself with pin psychs that make it easy to time cross combos.
488 - So I Beat The Enemy... - Defeat foes to earn EXP and PP. EXP help Neku gain levels ; PP awarded at the Results Screen level up the pins he's wearing. Fallen enemies sometimes drop a pin. Want more pins? There are a couple ways you can up your drop rate...
489 - CONTROLS / Drag - To drag, slide your finger/pointer while keeping it in contact with the screen. Dragging is used to move Neku or activate certain psychs. Dragging is a cinch! Choose your starting point carefully for precise control. Past that, it's just like drawing. Make combat your canvas!
490 - CONTROLS / Tap - To tap, quickly touch the screen and release. Tapping is used to activate certain psychs. This is as basic as it gets. Whether it's an enemy, a pin, or empty space, just give it a quick touch, and you're on your way!
491 - CONTROLS / Slash - To slash, draw a short, quick line. Having trouble? Be sure to release right after slashing. The slash is a more advanced command! Learn to use light, quick flicks when drawing lines across your target.
492 - CONTROLS / Press - To press, keep your finger/pointer in contact with a single point on the screen. Pressing is used to activate certain psychs. Pressing isn't that difficult, but if you move your finger while pressing, it can accidentally turn into a drag. Keep that stylus steady, soldier!
493 - Use Obstacles - Obstacles lying around the field can be used during combat to deal damage to your enemies. Some foes will use obstacles against you, too! Many effective psychs use obstacles as weapons. It can be easy to overlook the junk lying around, but that junk can save your hide!
494 - Wearing Pins - Neku relies on the pins he's wearing to fight! Enter a pin's touch command correctly and the pin icon will flash. PP earned at the Results Screen after battle only go into pins Neku is wearing. Cycle out old pins for new ones to grow your whole arsenal!
495 - Sub-slots - Use the Pins Menu to assign pins to sub-slots. Those pins will only activate while you're holding a finger on the SUB button. As you wear more and more pins at a time, their controls can start to overlap. If that happens, try setting half of them to sub-slots.
496 - Boot/Reboot - Some pins need to boot at the start of battle before they can be used. Once a pin's gauge runs out, you'll have to wait for it to reboot. It's impossible to completely use up pins, so go wild! Use them freely in combat and find the set that works best with your own personal style.
497 - Negative Statuses - Neku, his partner, and their enemies are all susceptible to negative statuses in battle. The negative effects will go away in time. HP Drain causes you to gradually lose HP. Attack Break and Defense Break lower those stats. Immobility stuns you.
498 - Pin Growth/Evolution - Pins grow as you earn PP. Level up pins to increase their Attack or other stats. Some pins will evolve into entirely new pins! Pins will only evolve when they level up. It seems the secret to getting your pins to evolve has to do with the way they grow...
499 - Psych Affinities - Psych affinities include Negativity (long-range attacks), Positivity (short-range attacks), and Neutrality. Some foes are immune to certain affinities. If you run into foes resistant to an affinity, you'll want to try switching the affinities of the pins Neku is wearing and find a weakness.
500 - Escaping From Battle - To escape from battle, press the PAUSE button to pause combat, then select "Gotta bounce!" One caveat: escaping may tick off your partner. Run from battle, and your partner will grow angrier each time, causing your sync rate to drop.

Blue Books (Field?)

501 - Scanning - While in the field, touch the scan pin at the lower right of the screen to project a scanning field and read people's minds! Look out for Noise symbols when reading people's thoughts. Accidentally tap a Noise symbol, and you'll wind up in battle!
502 - Enemy Encounters - Tap one of the Noise symbols that float around the field during a scan and Neku and his partner will warp to the combat zone. Noise symbols come in different shapes and sizes. Looking to fight a certain type of Noise? Pay attention to the symbol!
503 - Chained Battles - Tap additional Noise symbols after the first to enter into a chain battle. Each Noise symbol you tap adds a round of battle. During chain Noise reduction, Noise get tougher with each passing "reduction" (round), but you also earn more PP if you win.
504 - Red Noise Symbols - Red Noise symbols floating around the scanning field are also known as chump Noise symbols. Noise are only visible during a scan. Naturally occurring stray Noise are gloomy, and tend to gather in shadowy areas. If you're looking for a fight, find a shady spot to scan.
505 - Blue Noise Symbols - Blue Noise symbols floating around the scanning field are also known as boss Noise symbols, and usually contain formidable Noise. If the battle difficulty is set to Hard or above when you face a boss Noise, a record of your battle time will be listed in the Noise Report.
506 - Green Noise Symbols - Green Noise symbols floating around the scanning field are also known as Pig Noise symbols. Pick on Pig Noise to pick up pins! Pig Noise hide throughout Shibuya. Find and beat them for guaranteed pin drops! However, each breed calls for special tactics...
507 - Yellow Noise Symbols - Yellow Noise symbols floating around the scanning field are also known as negative Noise symbols, and drag down the hosts they inhabit. Negative Noise possess people and objects. Dispelling them through battle often moves the story along, so if you see them, take 'em out!	
508 - Black Noise Symbols - Black Noise symbols floating around the scanning field are also known as Taboo Noise symbols. They will come after you during a scan! Taboo Noise can scan, too. If you open your mind, they will sense it and move in-sometimes in numbers! You can't run from Taboo battles.
509 - Purple Noise Symbols - Purple Noise symbols floating around the scanning field are also known as Dissonance Noise symbols. Their combat challenges will keep you on your toes! When confronted with hordes of nasty Noise, stay calm and activate Fusion to erase them all in one go. And remember: never fight on an empty stomach!
510 - Memes - Use imprinting to slip memes you've collected directly into people's minds! Those memes will cause folks to take a variety of actions. Memes are quick to come and go. Memes you need are always found the same story day, and once that day comes to a close, they vanish.
511 - Talk To Your Partner - Stand in one place on the field screen for a moment, and you may be able to speak with your partner for advice on how to proceed. Sometimes your partner will give you hints. If you want to solve puzzles yourself, you don't have to talk to them. Play it your way!
512 - Mail Icon - While in the field, tap the mail icon in the upper-left corner of the screen to read over the day's mission (your objective). If you've forgotten what the Reapers' mission for the day is, or haven't picked up the game in a while, use this to get your bearings.
513 - Be A Trendsetter - You can set fashion trends and make your favorite brand more popular in a given area by wearing pins and items of that brand into battle. You only receive Attack bonuses in battle for shaping the trends. Support pins that lack offensive capability won't receive any bonus.

Green Books (shop mechanics?)

514 - Shutdown - When you continue your game after taking a break, the pins Neku is wearing will earn PP for the time you were away (maxing out at 7 days' worth of bonus PP). Don't feel bad when work, school, and the rest of your life tear you away from Shibuya for a while. The Shutdown PP system has your back!
515 - Shop Clerks - As you buy items from a store, your friendship gauge (FSG) with the clerk will rise, and they'll offer new items and unlock hidden item abilities. If a QUEST item asks for pins, you will need to master them first. Power those pins up to their max level, then hit the shops!
516 - Item Abilities - Each item possesses a hidden ability which only activates after a store clerk tells you about it. Unlocked items have an A in their icons. Different clerks will unlock different items for you. And hey, nobody ever said an item's ability has to be unlocked at the store it came from!	
517 - Shop Quests - Some shops stock items labeled QUEST which money can't buy. Trade in the materials listed in the QUEST info tab to make them! QUEST items come in two varieties. If the QUEST label is in yellow text, you can only make one. But if the text is blue, make as many as you like!

Yellow Books (Tin Pin)

518 - Tin Pin Slammer - Tin Pin Slammer (Tin Pin for short) is a mini-game where you use the pins you're wearing to try to knock opponents' pins off the table. You can use any pin you own in Tin Pin games. Each has its own stats, so take a peek at the TIN PIN info tab before slammin'!
519 - Tin Pin Lineup - Your pin order in Tin Pin Slammer is determined by the pins' slot numbers. You use the pin in slot 1 first, then the rest in ascending order. Playing Tin Pin Slammer after accessing it from the menu earns you PP for the pins you have equipped. You earn more PP if you win, so give it your all!
520 - Charge Slam - Draw a line and hold your finger to the screen to charge. Aim carefully, then lift your finger to perform a powerful Charge Slam. The Charge Slam is most useful after making the enemy dizzy. Don't give up just because their pins pack a bigger punch. Smarts beat stats!
521 - Spin Slam - Slash your pin down the middle and it will travel in a straight line, but did you know you can slash along its edge to apply spin and make it curve? Spin on your pin can be a pain when it happens accidentally, but master the Spin Slam and you'll be a dodging, counterslamming machine!
522 - Tin Pin Whammy 1 - Tap the bomb button to use the Dive Bomber. Your pin will rocket into the air, then come crashing down onto the spot you target! The Dive Bomber beats the Sledgehammer. If your opponent busts out the hammer, jump!
523 - Tin Pin Whammy 2 - Tap the stinger button to use the Stinger. Bust out this defensive technique to turn the table on foes flying at you! The Stinger beats the Dive Bomber. Counter oncoming foes, or pair it up with the Charge Slam and bring the sting to them!
524 - Tin Pin Whammy 3 - Tap the hammer button to use the Sledgehammer. Start that hammer swinging and make the most of its long attack range! The Sledgehammer beats the Stinger. Pound right through your opponent's defenses for a knockout!
525 - Tin Pin Whammy 4 - The Helping Hand will automatically save your pin when it falls off the table, letting you literally jump back into the game! Sometimes a Helping Hand isn't enough to get you back on the table. And even if you do make it, an opponent may be waiting. Hang in there!

Black Books (??? all found at WildKat) 

526 - Secrets of Evolution - Want to collect every pin out there? Then you'll need to be resourceful and uncover the mysterious forces that drive pin evolution. Here's a little secret to get you started: two types of PP go into your pins-Battle PP and Shutdown PP. Control their balance to control evolution!
527 - Tin Pin PP - Collect Battle PP every time you play a game of Tin Pin Slammer. Practicing is a great way to hone your slammin' skills while also earning PP! Here's a little known fact: the more whammies you land in a game of Tin Pin Slammer, the more PP you'll earn when you win!
528 - Battle PP - Collect Battle PP at the Results screen after erasing Noise in combat. You have to fight Noise if you want this type of PP! Battle PP is the easiest type of PP to earn. Chaining battles and earning a high combat rank will score you a truckload of PP in a hurry!
529 - Shutdown PP - Collect Shutdown PP while you're not playing and the power is off. This way, you can still earn PP even if you take a break from the game! The amount of Shutdown PP you earn varies based on the way you play, making it a bit tricky. But don't let it cramp your style!
530 - Black Cat Atlas, vol 1 - Did you know some pins work better than others for landing cross combos with a given partner? Build your deck wisely! Changing up the order of your pins can be fun from time to time, and it also affects their activation priority. Find the right fit for you!
531 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 2 - Did you know it's easier to deal damage to Taboo Noise when you attack with your partner? Better get those cross combos down! Want to breeze through Taboo Noise fights? Land thos cross combos! It all comes down to your pins. Find a good match for your partner.
532 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 3 - Did you know return speed affects how the puck powers up? Blazing: +0.5x, Quick: +0.2x, Average: +0.1x, Slow: no bonus, Late: -1x. A high sync rate or the "Hold That Puck" ability makes your return speed rating more lenient in addition to keeping the puck in play longer.
533 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 4 - Did you know a better sync rate will extend the time the light puck stays in play? Be careful not to run away from multiple battles in a row... Here's a little trick: Neku and his partner's sync rate will go up if they both wear the same popular brand's threads into battle.
534 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 5 - Did you know Neku can pull off better aerial combos by using sub-slots to quickly switch between pin psychs whose touch commands overlap? If his aerial combo hits, Neku will be relatively safe from counterattacks. Mix and match psychs and design your own original combo!
535 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 6 - Did you know pins in lower-numbered slots respond to touch commands first? If you can't seem to use a psych, reorder your deck. The "Piercing Pillar" and "Vulcan Uppercut" psychs are both invoked with an upward slash. Prioritize them so their attacks link together!
536 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 7 - Did you know eating is a science? If you have a lot of time per day, start by eating food that boosts your Attack or Defense. You can always eat 6 more bytes. Use that hollow leg to keep snacking on less filling items that boost Bravery, HP, or sync rate!
537 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 8 - Did you know item abilities are less about power and more about customization? Pick an outfit "suitable" for the situation at hand. Abilities that reduce combo panels will limit the length of your partner's combo, but provide more chances for finishers and Fusion ★!s!
538 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 9 - Did you know some pins can only be acquired through evolution? If you're gunning for 100%, don't just rely on shops and battles. Some stores may not stock the same pins on your Game Card as they do on your friends'. Mingling makes it easier to collect all the pins!
539 - Black Cat Atlas, Vol 10 - Did you know Reaper Creeper can solve all your problems? All you need is a coin, a sheet of paper, and a few crayons. (Mileage may vary.) Playing Reaper Creeper requires Matoya's spell, but "UNEMS DEE DEHTNO IKI HSSSERP" just sounds silly, so most folks don't bother!